Final Project Group 5 - Nora Cleary, Ellys Gorodisch, Era Kalaja, Andrew Salls

# Proposal

Our idea, CampusConnect, will offer WPI students the opportunity to connect with one another through special features like a message board and event board. Through this application students will be able to meet with other members of the community, bonding over shared interests and events. We hope to use this platform as a way to increase event attendance and community engagement. Not only will students benefit from this platform, but clubs will also be given the opportunity to register their formal events via the event board. Thereby, event marketing will be streamlined for clubs and students will get to create their own personal calendars with filtering features. Overall, the platform will connect our community together across campus.

CampusConnect will feature message boards, which allow students to comment on and communicate over events. Message boards can be tied to events on the site, where they will show the current user and the event creator(s)’ messages with separate styling to make it easier to read through messages.There are also general message boards that are not tied to events, which can be used to plan and organize future events and to gauge interest. There will also be a place to search for already-existing message boards, which can be filtered by topic or by the person/club that created the board.

In addition to the message board service, CampusConnect will also contain a public event board, where anyone in the community can create an event and post it for everyone to see and join. Meant for formal and informal gatherings, this service will foster more socialization and a stronger community. Users who wish to post an event must provide a date, time, description, and category, and it will be posted with their name attached. Users will be able to see and filter the events by category in a list view or calendar view. Users will also be able to add events to their personal calendar and will be able to see their activities at a glance in list view or calendar view as well.

To implement our application we plan to use Vite express as the server. For the client side, we are considering Angular, however, we would like to do more research about this technology before moving forward. To store the events, login information, and any other persistent data we need, we will be using MongoDB. We also plan on implementing various OAuth strategies (Github, Google, Facebook, etc.) to allow users to quickly sign in.